[Music]
Hey so in the same oil in your paneer
tips and things lightly saute until
they're a nice golden brown drain off
all the excess oil in the same oil
nothing sizzle a little bit and our
whole masala again which is our cinnamon
stick whole toast baby and black part of
them this time give it a quick stir and
we're gonna add in our sliced onions
again we don't want them to just
integrate while we're doing this so just
a nice golden brown that's good enough
huh and this mixture we're gonna go
ahead and add a little bit of turmeric
powder and we're using right we're using
about a tablespoon of this masala but it
depends on your taste if it's such as
spicy for you you can cut back a little
bit or put more
you get that a good mix and those gonna
solve him and then we're going to add in
our marinated vegetables you give it one
final mix
[Music]
we go ahead and I have a little bit more
solder but it's not enough that's a
nicely mix so we're gonna go ahead and
cover this and cook it and smell the
vegetables about 3/4 way done again the
rest of this stuff is gonna get cooked
in the oven later on so you definitely
want to make sure it's overcooked right
now let's check out our veggies now I
have been stirring that's off and on you
know every couple of minutes
just to make sure that we stick on the
bottom and again we want these about 3/4
of the way cook and the way we're gonna
test this out is we're going to take
like one piece of potato kind of put a
knife through it
all right so it goes all the way through
but you can feel a little bit of tension
in there it's not a broad tension but
it's smooth engine in there and if it
does that then you know it's perfect so
we'll switch off Forester and we're
gonna add back in our veneer pieces and
also our cashews and the walnuts and
then we're gonna add some Tomatoes
copper to again chopped nice and big
it's adds a lot of colors and having a
firm tomato will really help yes
or actually you can use change the
Middle's of like tomatoes as well and
finally we have some yogurt we're going
to need a little bit absolutely
this is roughly be just for that name
and just mix it so it coats even and
this process that you have to do very
gently because otherwise the cauliflower
will just break so just do it as gently
as possible that's it it's ready to
layer okay I'm gonna go ahead and just
fluff up the rice one more time very
gently and while she's doing that I'm
going to cover the bottom and sides of
our baking dish with some spray cooking
oil
so we're gonna put one layer of rice
down on the bottom now basically we're
gonna have three layers of rice so you
can split your rice up into three parts
and and you'll know how much to put into
it and on top of the rice we're gonna go
ahead and sprinkle a little bit of our
biryani masala just a little on top for
our additional flavor actually this is
also going to taste if you want it
spicier you're good or go easy
definitely because it is a little on the
spicy side and also we're going to layer
one layer of our veggies on top of here
and now this is vegetable biryani so we
are very generous on the vegetables now
you don't want any buns a lot of rice
than nice ample supply of vegetables
here so there's that two layers of
vegetable so you can divide this into
twos now we're going to sprinkle a
little bit of our fright and use this
really adds a nice crunch and a nice
flavor you can try to do this at home
but it's a lot simpler to survive it and
it always comes out so perfect now
another layer breasts
and then after this we're just going to
press down very lightly it helps it to
just pack in the way I sleep and cook
well a little layer of our grandma's
health so putting about 1 TSP of masala
between every day so just a good measure
our second layer of veggies oh yes and
by the way our oven has been going on at
400 degrees it's preheated very well and
it's ready for the very Ani
very nice and one more layer of our
okay and our less laborious
now the last layer is always a little
bit - on the right it lets the veggies
kind of peek out from the top it looks
really pretty and not what we're gonna
do this video just sticks it's a fruit
it's got a beautiful color and you're
just going to drizzle around
suffering has this wonderful flavor and
wonderful aroma it really makes your
video any we're gonna leave some of it
white and some of it you know the orange
color or the soften that way when you
mix it it looks you know beautiful and a
final airing of our fried onions
also some cilantro
Wow
okay so this is gonna be covered now and
it's gonna go in sharpen once again 400
degrees for about 40 minutes that
everybody's ovens are different so
please keep an eye on it you don't want
it to burn after all this effort I know
sir Breanna is out of the oven it's
cooked for 45 minutes at 400 degrees and
it's nicely caramelized onions have
brown and spread you see beautiful all
right let's do it looks like on the
inside and I think the key is to just
dig right and all the way they would get
all the layers yeah portion of all the
layers and it looks down Wow look at
that Wow see all the veggies are nice
and they've held their shape it's
absolutely I think that's the key that's
why we did like big slice pieces
excellent so this is definitely a meal
all by itself we've loaded it up with
lots of veggies rice is there just make
some right now and that's meal complete
meal awesome it looks good it smells
great so join us again on another
episode of show me the curry calm adding
a pinch of spice to your life
[Music]